that's just a damn eyesore
one more slice on
ah damn what is it hank a small
community of farmers pile of the
mechanical suits to defend their land
from an invading swarm of insectoids
which they call dbs
when the defence field fails dbs pour in
faster than they can be repelled so the
rest of the community heads for
underground shelters all arms are called
in
jake sacrifices himself to kill a large
portion of the swarm
a giant db breaks through but with a
turret gun beth kills it taking a shot
right of the mouth
at dawn the barriers are back to normal
and the town has returned to a sense of
safety the camera zooms out to show that
the whole planet is populated by dbs and
the farmers are the invading force
having set up domed colonies across the
planet